# 1.1 Upgrade Guide

Version 1.1 added many features, but some changes also involved adjustments to the Skeleton structure and the structure of configuration items. If you have already put the project into business use and it is a 1.0 application project created based on the official Skeleton project, you can adjust your skeleton project according to the following points. If you are a new project, follow the documentation and use the `composer create-project hyperf/hyperf-skeleton` command to create a new project to use the new skeleton structure.

## Upgrade Swoole to 4.4+

Version 1.1 raises the minimum Swoole version requirement from 4.3+ to 4.4+. There are some usage details differences between these two versions, which Hyperf had already adapted to in earlier versions. For Hyperf users, there is no need to care about the differences between them. We raised the minimum Swoole version requirement mainly to reduce our historical burden, and Swoole 4.4 as Swoole's LTS (Long Term Support) version also means it is more stable and reliable.

Hyperf will perform Swoole version detection when starting, but in order to better unify the dependency constraints on Swoole version everywhere, we suggest that you change the dependency condition for Swoole in `composer.json` to `"ext-swoole": ">=4.4"`.

## Add SWOOLE_HOOK_FLAGS constant

Add a line of constant definition in the application entry file `bin/hyperf.php` and the entry file for unit tests `test/bootstrap.php` as follows:

```php
! defined('SWOOLE_HOOK_FLAGS') && define('SWOOLE_HOOK_FLAGS', SWOOLE_HOOK_ALL);
```

Reference: [Entry file reference](https://github.com/hyperf/hyperf-skeleton/blob/70062b7bbf29e23cda2f30680e02aa3b26ebd6f7/bin/hyperf.php#L11) [Unit test entry file reference](https://github.com/hyperf/hyperf-skeleton/blob/70062b7bbf29e23cda2f30680e02aa3b26ebd6f7/test/bootstrap.php#L20)

## Move config/dependencies.php file and adjust file structure

Move `config/dependencies.php` → `config/autoload/dependencies.php`, and remove the first level `dependencies` in the configuration file, as follows:

1.0 file structure:
```php
<?php
// config/dependencies.php file

return [
    'dependencies' => [
        FooInterface::class => Foo::class
    ],
];
```

1.1 file structure:
```php
<?php
// config/autoload/dependencies.php file

return [
    FooInterface::class => Foo::class
];
```

## Adjust content of config/container.php file

Since version 1.1 adjusted the location and structure of the `dependencies.php` file, we also need to adjust the `config/container.php` file so that the dependency injection container can run correctly. At the same time, we also provide a simpler way of writing for `config/container.php`. `DefinitionSourceFactory` aggregates many default behaviors. You only need to change the content of the `config/container.php` file to the following content:

> The Annotation scanning cache function is enabled by default. You can modify the first parameter of the `DefinitionSourceFactory` input parameter to disable this function.

```php
<?php
/**
 * Initial a dependency injection container that implemented PSR-11 and return the container.
 */
declare(strict_types=1);

use Hyperf\Di\Container;
use Hyperf\Di\Definition\DefinitionSourceFactory;
use Hyperf\Utils\ApplicationContext;
use Psr\Container\ContainerInterface;

$container = new Container((new DefinitionSourceFactory(true))());
if (! $container instanceof ContainerInterface) {
    throw new RuntimeException('The dependency injection container is invalid.');
}
return ApplicationContext::setContainer($container);
```

## Adjust WebSocket Controller

Since version 1.1 adjusted the input parameter constraints of `onMessage` and `onOpen`, it is necessary to manually modify them to `Swoole\WebSocket\Server`. The specific code is as follows:

```php
<?php
declare(strict_types=1);

namespace App\Controller;

use Hyperf\Contract\OnMessageInterface;
use Hyperf\Contract\OnOpenInterface;
use Swoole\Http\Request;
use Swoole\Websocket\Frame;
use Swoole\WebSocket\Server as WebSocketServer;

class WebSocketController implements OnMessageInterface, OnOpenInterface
{
    public function onMessage(WebSocketServer $server, Frame $frame): void
    {
    }

    public function onOpen(WebSocketServer $server, Request $request): void
    {
    }
}
```

## Adjust ConfigProvider of custom components

In version 1.0, `scan.path` was adjusted to `annotations.scan.path` in version 1.1. You need to modify the ConfigProvider class of all custom components to adapt to this change. If your custom component does not involve functional configuration of Annotation scanning, you can ignore this adjustment, as shown below:

1.0 ConfigProvider file structure:
```php
class ConfigProvider
{

    public function __invoke(): array
    {
        return [
            'scan' => [
                'paths' => [
                    __DIR__,
                ],
            ],
        ];
    }
}
```

1.1 ConfigProvider file structure:
```php
class ConfigProvider
{

    public function __invoke(): array
    {
        return [
            'annotations' => [
                'scan' => [
                    'paths' => [
                        __DIR__,
                    ],
                ],
            ],
        ];
    }
}
```

## Adjust default localization language

If you have used the [hyperf/translation](https://github.com/hyperf/translation) component before, then you need to check the `locale` configuration item in the `config/autoload/translation.php` file. If it is `zh-CN`, you need to change it to `zh_CN`. In version 1.1, we unified the value of this configuration.

## Adjust dependencies of composer.json

Since you want to upgrade to version 1.1 components, and the original skeleton project relies on version 1.0.x components by default, we need to adjust the constraints of the dependencies, changing all original Hyperf component dependencies from `~1.0.0` to `~1.1.0`. After modification, you need to run `composer update` to upgrade the dependencies to version 1.1.

You must upgrade all Hyperf dependencies to version 1.1 to be usable, because 1.1 adjusted the ConfigProvider mechanism that components adapt to.

## Complete upgrade

So far, the upgrade to 1.1 has been completed. However, because each underlying file of Hyperf can be rewritten through DI, if you have rewritten some internal framework files that have been adjusted in this upgrade, you still need to make certain adjustments according to your actual situation.

If you encounter any problems during or after the upgrade, please go to [Github Issue](https://github.com/hyperf/hyperf/issues) to submit your issue, explaining the problem you encountered, and we will help you solve it as soon as possible.
