# 2.0 Upgrade Guide

Version 2.0 adds many powerful features. If you have a project already put into business use and it is a version 1.1 application project based on the official Skeleton project, you can adjust your Skeleton project according to the following points. If you are a new project, follow the documentation and use the `composer create-project hyperf/hyperf-skeleton` command to create a new project to use the new 2.0 version of skeleton code. If the version you are currently using is lower than 1.1, you need to upgrade to 1.1 first and then follow this upgrade guide to upgrade to version 2.0.

## Upgrade Swoole to 4.5+

Version 2.0 raises the minimum Swoole version requirement from 4.4+ to 4.5+. There are some usage details differences between these two versions. Hyperf had already adapted to the version differences in earlier versions, so you can ignore the detail differences here. Upgrading the Swoole version to 4.5+ is mainly to reduce the long-term impact of historical baggage on Hyperf. You can check the Swoole version in the current environment by executing `php --ri swoole`, and you can complete the upgrade of Swoole according to the guidance of the [Swoole Documentation](https://wiki.swoole.com/#/environment).

## Add ClassLoader Initialization to Entry File

Version 2.0 changed the underlying logic of AOP, so you need to add a line of initialization code to the framework entry file `bin/hyperf.php`. You need to add the code `Hyperf\Di\ClassLoader::init();` at the first line within the entry anonymous function, as shown below:

```php
<?php

ini_set('display_errors', 'on');
ini_set('display_startup_errors', 'on');

error_reporting(E_ALL);
date_default_timezone_set('Asia/Shanghai');

! defined('BASE_PATH') && define('BASE_PATH', dirname(__DIR__, 1));
! defined('SWOOLE_HOOK_FLAGS') && define('SWOOLE_HOOK_FLAGS', SWOOLE_HOOK_ALL);

require BASE_PATH . '/vendor/autoload.php';

// Self-called anonymous function that creates its own scope and keep the global namespace clean.
(function () {
    Hyperf\Di\ClassLoader::init();

    /** @var \Psr\Container\ContainerInterface $container */
    $container = require BASE_PATH . '/config/container.php';

    $application = $container->get(\Hyperf\Contract\ApplicationInterface::class);
    $application->run();
})();
```

At the same time, PHPUnit's entry file may need the same processing, and the file is located at `tests/bootstrap.php`, as shown below:

```php
<?php

declare(strict_types=1);

error_reporting(E_ALL);
date_default_timezone_set('Asia/Shanghai');

! defined('BASE_PATH') && define('BASE_PATH', dirname(__DIR__, 1));
! defined('SWOOLE_HOOK_FLAGS') && define('SWOOLE_HOOK_FLAGS', SWOOLE_HOOK_ALL);

Swoole\Runtime::enableCoroutine(true);

require BASE_PATH . '/vendor/autoload.php';

Hyperf\Di\ClassLoader::init();

$container = require BASE_PATH . '/config/container.php';

$container->get(Hyperf\Contract\ApplicationInterface::class);
```

## Adjust `composer.json`

Because of the adjustment in the underlying logic of AOP in version 2.0, the `init-proxy.sh` script has been removed, so you need to remove the `"init-proxy.sh"` execution statement in `scripts.post-autoload-dump` from `composer.json`, and modify the command in `post-autoload-dump` to the `rm -rf runtime/container` statement.

```json
{
    "scripts": {
        "post-root-package-install": [
            "@php -r \"file_exists('.env') || copy('.env.example', '.env');\""
        ],
        "post-autoload-dump": [
            "rm -rf runtime/container"
        ],
        "analyse": "phpstan analyse --memory-limit 300M -l 0 -c phpstan.neon ./app ./config",
        "cs-fix": "php-cs-fixer fix $1",
        "start": "php ./bin/hyperf.php start",
        "test": "co-phpunit -c phpunit.xml --colors=always"
    }
}
```

## Adjust dependency versions in composer.json

Since you want to upgrade to version 2.0 components, and the original skeleton project relies on version 1.1.x components by default, we need to adjust the constraints of the dependencies, changing all original Hyperf component dependencies from `~1.1.0` to `~2.0.0`. At the same time, you also need to change the `phpstan/phpstan` version dependency to `^0.12`. After modification, you need to run `composer update` to upgrade the dependencies to version 2.0.

## Adjust Dockerfile

During the packaging process of the Docker image, actively executing the `php bin/hyperf.php` command will help to create all proxy classes that need to be generated and the Annotation scanning cache in advance, so that no scanning is required again when running and starting in the production environment. This can greatly optimize the startup time and memory usage of the production environment. The following example does not include the unmodified Dockerfile code.

```dockerfile
ENV TIMEZONE=${timezone:-"Asia/Shanghai"} \
    APP_ENV=prod \
    SCAN_CACHEABLE=(true)

COPY . /opt/www
RUN composer install --no-dev -o && php bin/hyperf.php

EXPOSE 9501

ENTRYPOINT ["php", "/opt/www/bin/hyperf.php", "start"]
```

Users who are not deployed by `Docker` need to pay attention that before restarting the service, it is best to execute `php bin/hyperf.php` once before restarting the service to reduce the time-consuming when restarting.

## Adjust config/config.php configuration file

You need to add two configuration items, `app_env` and `scan_cacheable`, to the `config/config.php` configuration. The code example below does not include other irrelevant configuration content, as shown below:

```php
<?php

return [
    // Production environment uses prod value
    'app_env' => env('APP_ENV', 'dev'),
    // Whether to use Annotation scanning cache
    'scan_cacheable' => env('SCAN_CACHEABLE', false),
];
```

The `scan_cacheable` configuration is used to control whether to use Annotation scanning cache when the application starts. There are related modifications in the above `Dockerfile` and `config/config.php`. When the value of this configuration is `true`, when the project starts, it will assume that all classes have completed scanning and the corresponding cache and proxy have been correctly generated, and it will skip the scanning stage in order to optimize startup time and reduce memory overhead.

## Modify `config/autoload/logger.php`

Because version 2.0 has increased the dependency version of Monolog, the default log format in higher versions of Monolog has changed. If there are requirements for the log format, such as needing to dock with the log system according to the log format, you can modify the `dateFormat` configuration item of the `config/autoload/logger.php` configuration file to maintain consistency with previous versions.

```php
<?php

declare(strict_types=1);

return [
    'default' => [
        'handler' => [
            'class' => Monolog\Handler\StreamHandler::class,
            'constructor' => [
                'stream' => BASE_PATH . '/runtime/logs/hyperf.log',
                'level' => Monolog\Logger::DEBUG,
            ],
        ],
        'formatter' => [
            'class' => Monolog\Formatter\LineFormatter::class,
            'constructor' => [
                'format' => null,
                'dateFormat' => 'Y-m-d H:i:s',
                'allowInlineLineBreaks' => true,
            ],
        ],
        'processors' => [
        ],
    ],
];
```

## Modify `config/autoload/exceptions.php`

Version 2.0 has adjusted the processing logic for HTTP routing abnormal behaviors such as route not found (404) and request method mismatch (405). It has been uniformly changed to throw a subclass exception class of `Hyperf\HttpMessage\Exception\HttpException`, and then manage these exceptions uniformly through ExceptionHandler and perform corresponding response processing. This way, users can also obtain a consistent response return experience by throwing corresponding exceptions. However, since ExceptionHandler is a mechanism managed by users, and the default Skeleton in version 1.1 configures an `App\Exception\Handler\AppExceptionHandler` class to bottom-line handle exceptions and uniformly return to the client with a 500 status code, you need to configure `Hyperf\HttpServer\Exception\Handler\HttpExceptionHandler` provided by version 2.0 for handling HttpException to the `config/autoload/exceptions.php` configuration file, and ensure that it is located before the `App\Exception\Handler\AppExceptionHandler` configuration. The configuration example below omits irrelevant configurations, as shown below:

```php
<?php
return [
    'handler' => [
        'http' => [
            Hyperf\HttpServer\Exception\Handler\HttpExceptionHandler::class,
        ],
    ],
];
```

After completing the configuration of ExceptionHandler, you can directly access a non-existent route, and if the response status code is `404`, you can understand that the modification of this configuration has been completed.

## Modify gRPC Client

In order to avoid naming conflicts with actual gRPC business, version 2.0 adjusted the naming of gRPC client base class functions.

* `simpleRequest` -> `_simpleRequest`
* `clientStreamRequest` -> `_clientStreamRequest`
* `getGrpcClient` -> `_getGrpcClient`

In addition, some methods that should not be exposed have become private methods. If your gRPC client involves the invocation of the above methods, please make adjustments in naming.

## Remove DI Lazy Loading Listener

If your project uses the lazy loading function of the DI component, you previously needed to register a `Hyperf\Di\Listener\LazyLoaderBootApplicationListener` listener. In version 2.0, this listener has been removed, and you can use this function directly. Therefore, if you previously used this function, you need to remove the registration of this listener in `config/autoload/listeners.php`.

## Binding NormalizerInterface Relationship

When you use the JSONRPC function and use the `symfony/serializer` library to provide serialization functionality, since version 2.0 no longer automatically maps the implementation class of `Hyperf\Contract\NormalizerInterface`, you need to manually add this mapping relationship, as follows:

```php
use Hyperf\Utils\Serializer\SerializerFactory;
use Hyperf\Utils\Serializer\Serializer;

return [
    Hyperf\Contract\NormalizerInterface::class => new SerializerFactory(Serializer::class),
];
```

## Adjust implementation class of Hyperf\Contract\ProcessInterface

The `isEnable` method in `Hyperf\Contract\ProcessInterface` adds a `$server` parameter, namely `isEnable($server): bool`. All implementation classes of `ProcessInterface` require you to make some adjustments to this method.

## Check config/autoload/aspects.php file

If you previously performed some streamlining operations on the Skeleton, you need to check whether the `config/autoload/aspects.php` file exists. If it does not exist, you need to add a file and return an empty array.

> This issue will be fixed in 2.0.1, and no such check is required subsequently.

## Check custom Annotation collector

If you use custom Annotations and use a custom `Collector` to collect Annotation metadata, you need to configure the corresponding `Collector` in `annotations.scan.collectors`. Because in development mode, it will determine whether the file has been modified according to the file modification time, and then decide whether to re-collect the corresponding Annotation metadata. Therefore, when `annotations.scan.collectors` is not configured, it will cause the Annotation to take effect only when the `server` is started for the first time.

For example, at the application layer, this configuration is located in the `config/autoload/annotations.php` file, as follows:

```php
<?php

return [
    'scan' => [
        'collectors' => [
            CustomCollector::class,
        ],
    ],
];
```

For example, in a component, this configuration is provided by `ConfigProvider`, as follows:

```php
<?php

return [
    'annotations' => [
        'scan' => [
            'collectors' => [
                CustomCollector::class,
            ],
        ],
    ]
];
```

## Start service and test interface access

If an interface 404 problem occurs when using Swoole version 4.5 and the view component, you can try to delete the `static_handler_locations` configuration item in the `config/autoload/server.php` file.

The paths under this configuration will all be considered as static file routes. Therefore, if `/` is configured, all interfaces will be considered as file paths, resulting in interface 404.

## Complete upgrade

So far, the upgrade of version 2.0 has been completed. However, because each underlying file of Hyperf can be rewritten through DI, if you have rewritten some internal framework files that have been adjusted in this upgrade, you still need to make certain adjustments according to your actual situation.

If you encounter any problems during or after the upgrade, please go to [Github Issue](https://github.com/hyperf/hyperf/issues) to submit your issue, explaining the problem you encountered, and we will help you solve it as soon as possible.
