# 3.0 Upgrade Guide

- Version 3.0 mainly modifies the minimum `PHP` version to `8.0`.
- The framework has removed `Doctrine Annotations` and replaced it with `PHP8 Attributes`.
- The framework has added a large number of member variable type restrictions.

## Convert All Annotations to Native Attributes

**Note: This step can only be executed under version 2.2.**

The following script will convert all `Doctrine Annotations` to `PHP8 Attributes`.

```shell
composer require hyperf/code-generator
php bin/hyperf.php code:generate -D app
```

## Modify Hyperf Component Versions

Directly change all `hyperf/*` in `composer.json` to `3.0.*`.

> `hyperf/engine` does not follow the framework version number, so it does not need to be modified. Ensure it is version `^2.1.0`. If you use a Hyperf version lower than v3.0, you need to use `^1.5` version of the engine component.

After that, just execute `composer update -o` to complete the upgrade normally.

## Upgrade Database Model Classes

Because the model base class has added type support for member variables, you need to use the following script to upgrade it to the new version.

```shell
composer require hyperf/code-generator
php vendor/bin/regenerate-models.php $PWD/app/Model
```

## Logger

`monolog/monolog` 3.x version uses new features of PHP8.1, so special modifications are needed for some classes.

Change `array $record` to `array|LogRecord $record` to be compatible with version 3.x. Example code is as follows:

```php
<?php

declare(strict_types=1);

namespace App\Kernel\Log;

use Hyperf\Context\Context;
use Hyperf\Coroutine\Coroutine;
use Monolog\LogRecord;
use Monolog\Processor\ProcessorInterface;

class AppendRequestIdProcessor implements ProcessorInterface
{
    public const REQUEST_ID = 'log.request.id';

    public function __invoke(array|LogRecord $record)
    {
        $record['extra']['request_id'] = Context::getOrSet(self::REQUEST_ID, uniqid());
        $record['extra']['coroutine_id'] = Coroutine::id();
        return $record;
    }
}
```

## Command

After version `3.0`, the command line enables event listeners by default. Therefore, when there is a listener listening for `Command` events, and `AMQP` or other multiplexing logic is performed, the process will fail to exit.

Solution:

- Method 1:

When executing the command, add the option `--disable-event-dispatcher`.

- Method 2:

Add listener:

```php
<?php

declare(strict_types=1);

namespace App\Listener;

use Hyperf\Command\Event\AfterExecute;
use Hyperf\Coordinator\Constants;
use Hyperf\Coordinator\CoordinatorManager;
use Hyperf\Event\Annotation\Listener;
use Hyperf\Event\Contract\ListenerInterface;

#[Listener]
class ResumeExitCoordinatorListener implements ListenerInterface
{
    public function listen(): array
    {
        return [
            AfterExecute::class,
        ];
    }

    public function process(object $event): void
    {
        CoordinatorManager::until(Constants::WORKER_EXIT)->resume();
    }
}
```

## Replace Hyperf\Utils\Context

- Since the namespace of `Context` has changed in 3.0, you must globally replace `Hyperf\Utils\Context` => `Hyperf\Context\Context`.

## Start Service

Next, just start the service, and you can see where it is not adapted, and modify it one by one.

- AMQP Consumer and Producer member variables have increased types.
- The `process` method of the Listener has added `void` return type.
- The `CircuitBreaker` annotation changed the `$timeout` parameter to `$options.timeout`.
- Asynchronous Queue (Async Queue) member variables have increased types.
- Asynchronous Queue, the `event->message` field is modified to a non-public type, and you need to use `event->getMessage()` to read it.

## gRPC

The framework modifies the `Http status` returned by `gRPC Server` to be fixed at 200 according to the `gRPC` specification. `gRPC Server` returns the corresponding `status code`. If you use `gRPC` before updating, please be sure to upgrade the related services to `3.x` version, otherwise, the other end will not be able to parse errors normally when a request exception occurs.
