# 3.1 Upgrade Guide

- Version 3.1 mainly modifies the minimum `PHP` version to `8.1` and the minimum `Swoole` version to `5.0`.
- Introduced `Pest` testing framework.
- Added `hyperf/helper`, and the original `helper functions without namespace` in `Hyperf\Utils` have been migrated to `hyperf/helper`.
- Changed the loading method of `hyperf/config` multi-level configuration files, supporting `.` syntax, such as `config('a.c')`.

## Utils Package Changes

The helper functions in the original utils package did not have namespaces, which might conflict with functions in other composer packages. They have been removed and replaced in 3.1.

There are two ways to handle this:

1. If you are sure that no packages loaded in the program will cause function conflicts, you can choose to directly install `hyperf/helper`. The `helper` package provides helper functions without namespaces, which are consistent with those in the original `utils`.
2. Add namespaces where helper functions were originally called. You can use `rector` for refactoring. Refer to the [refactoring documentation](https://github.com/orgs/hyperf/discussions/5635).

## Configuration File Loading Method Changes

In 3.0, configurations existed with the `configuration file name` as the key. In 3.1, the loading method for `hyperf/config` multi-level configuration files uses `relative directory.configuration file name` as the key.

It supports `.` syntax, such as `config('a.c')`.

Note the handling of the following two situations in existing projects:

- In a 3.0 project, if you created a subdirectory in `config/autoload`, such as `config/autoload/sub/a.php`, the original `config('a')` needs to be modified to `config('sub.a')`.
- If the configuration file name in a 3.0 project contains `.`, such as `config/autoload/a.b.php`, it will return the following structure when using `config('a')`. If you also have a `config/autoload/a.php` configuration file, you will also get the result after merging configuration items.

```php
return [
    'a.php 中的配置项' => 'a.php 中的配置值',
    'b' => [
        'a.b.php 中的配置项' => 'a.b.php 中的配置值',
    ]
];
```

## Other Changes

1. Starting from v3.1, the `hyperf/metric` component no longer installs `prometheus` dependency by default. Therefore, developers who need to use the `prometheus` engine need to execute the following command to load the dependency:

```bash
composer require promphp/prometheus_client_php
```

2. The `withHeaders` functionality of `Request` and `Response` has changed.

Versions before v3.1 would save the original data, similar to `array_merge` of the original data. After v3.1, it directly replaces all `headers`.

```php
<?php
// Before v3.1
$request->withHeader('foo', 1)->withHeader('bar', 2); // ['foo' => [1], 'bar' => [2]]
$request->withHeader('foo', 1)->withHeader('foo', 2); // ['foo' => [2]]
$request->withAddedHeader('foo', 1)->withAddedHeader('foo', 2); // ['foo' => [1, 2]]

$request->withHeaders(['foo' => 1])->withHeaders(['bar' => 2]); // ['foo' => [1], 'bar' => [2]]

// After v3.1
$request->withHeader('foo', 1)->withHeader('bar', 2); // ['foo' => [1], 'bar' => [2]]
$request->withHeader('foo', 1)->withHeader('foo', 2); // ['foo' => [2]]
$request->withAddedHeader('foo', 1)->withAddedHeader('foo', 2); // ['foo' => [1, 2]]

$request->withHeaders(['foo' => 1])->withHeaders(['bar' => 2]); // ['bar' => [2]]

$request->setHeader('foo', 1)->setHeader('bar', 2); // ['foo' => [1], 'bar' => [2]]
$request->setHeader('foo', 1)->setHeader('foo', 2); // ['foo' => [2]]
$request->addHeader('foo', 1)->addHeader('foo', 2); // ['foo' => [1, 2]]

$request->setHeaders(['foo' => 1])->setHeaders(['bar' => 2]); // ['bar' => [2]]
```

3. The return value of the `AMQP` consumer `consumeMessage` method is adjusted to the `Result` enum.

```php
<?php
// Before v3.1
public function consumeMessage($data, AMQPMessage $message): string
{
    return Result::ACK;
}
// After v3.1
public function consumeMessage($data, AMQPMessage $message): Result
{
    return Result::ACK;
}
```
